Create a bug issue template (#10)
Medology/.github: Bug Issue Template.md

## Story
**As a <Agent, Admin, or Patient> of <STDcheck, Healthlabs, UTITreatment and/or Manage>**, I need < an expression of the correct behavior needed from the system >.

## Steps to Recreate  

> < a numbered list of the **exact** steps taken in the system that led to the observation of the bug. screen shots or videos can help >

Reviewer: This still says "observe the bug" rather than "recreate the bug":

```suggestion
< a numbered list of the **exact** steps to take in the system to re-create the bug. screen shots or videos can help >
```

Author: I went a little beyond the suggestion. I think the extra sentence will help non-Devs create Issues better. We probably need additional information in the form they fill out.

Reviewer: Even better 👍

## Steps to Recreate  

< a numbered list of the steps taken in the system to observe the results of the bug. screen shots or videos can help >

1.
2.

## Expected Behavior  

< Description of what one would expect to see/have happen if the system was operating properly. Screen shots or videos can help. >

## Expected Behavior

< Description of what one was seen/happened with the system operating at this moment. Screen shots or videos can help. >

## Business Value

< What is the gain from the fix or the cost in not fixing it (customer dissatisfaction, loss of time, money, etc. >

## Acceptance Criteria
< a numbered list of behaviors that must be present in order to satisfy the required functionality described above. >

1. 
2. 

## Notes
< bulleted list of special notes or suggestions to the development team on the implementation of the changes. >

*  

## Definition of Ready

- [ ] The Issue maintains standard format for Issues and meets INVEST
- [ ] Issue Defined and written appropriately
- [ ] Acceptance Criteria Defined
- [ ] The person who will Approve story identified
- [ ] Dependencies Identified
- [ ] Issue size estimated by Dev Team

> - [ ] Proposed solution accepted

Reviewer: This was marked as resolved, but it is still present in the file.
